Hello and welcome back. In this lesson, I will show you what to do if you make a mistake in
the setup of OpenClaw or if you want to make changes to existing configurations.
Just open a new command line terminal and type in the command openclaw onboard. Use the arrow
key and select yes, then hit enter. Choose either quick start or manual. I will choose manual. Here,
if you want to make changes to the configuration choose update values then hit enter
do not change anything leave it at local gateway this machine just hit enter accept the default
workspace directory just hit enter now you can add additional model provider or you can update
api keys for existing provider if you do not wish to change anything but wish to keep the existing
model you have previously configured, just scroll down and select skip for now.
Here choose the model you previously configured.
For me, I choose OpenAI Codex.
Here is where you can change to a different model if you want to, but I will keep current
model which is GPT 5.4 and hit enter.
I will keep the default port and just hit enter.
Next I will also keep the default gateway bind to loopback and just hit enter.
I will keep the gateway auth to token, just hit enter.
I will leave tail scale exposure to off, just hit enter.
Select the default generate plaintext token, just hit enter.
It will show the token, I will keep it, so I hit enter.
Next if you want to add another chat channel for example discord or whatsapp or others
choose yes.
For me I already configured telegram previously and I do not wish to add another channel for
now so I will choose no then hit enter.
Here you can add additional search provider if you wish.
Previously I already added tavily search and do not wish to add another so I choose
skip for now and hit enter.
Next, you can add new skills for OpenClaw if you wish, and you could browse the list
of skills by going to clawhub.ai and selecting the name of the skill you want to add.
At the moment, I do not need to add any new skills, so I will choose no.
For plugins, press spacebar to select skip for now and hit enter.
For hooks, I had previously already enabled all hooks and do not wish to make any changes,
So I press spacebar to select skip for now and hit enter.
I select yes to install gateway service and hit enter.
For gateway service runtime, just accept the default which is node and hit enter.
Gateway service already installed, select the restart and hit enter.
Just accept the default enable zsh shell completion for openclaw and hit enter.
Onboard completed.
So this is how you make changes to configurations the easy way.
We just use the command: openclaw onboard.
You can now chat with openclaw by using the command: openclaw dashboard or use telegram.
That's all for this video.
Thanks for watching.